# SURECELL-Online Second-Hand Products Buying and Selling Platform

SURECELL, a web-based application that operates as a classified marketplace for used goods in a concept of buying and selling good online with no interference involved. It provides a user-friendly platform for a simple and proper interaction for buyers and sellers, with no middlemen or dealers involved. 

In this project the system operates as an online classified marketplace for used goods such as products that involves small items such as books, toys to huge assets like automobiles, real estate and much more. Today, online shopping is the buzz of the both corporate world and for consumers as well. This project is aimed one step further from online shopping to second hand buying and selling via e-commerce. The main concept of this site offers free user-generated classified advertisements for urban population around the world. The ecommerce platform allows people to buy and sell products by posting advertisements. The common issues in this platform are the quality of the described products are not assured by the seller, the chances of fake ads and online frauds are high. To resolve online frauds in the system, a type of user verification feature can be established with the help of aadhaar, ads are limited per account and they are expired within a certain period of time. Sellers have an option to request their product to be verified and tested by a member while posting their Ad. If the product passes the quality and condition mentioned, the product is displayed under “verified” category. By this way the ads are products are verified.

One of the key implications of this project is how to manage trust because enhancing trust is a critical factor for success in the e-marketplace. Hence this project offers solutions to the issues faces in the system.
